nice pants or blue jeans or things like that and
look nice, well, I think they're fine. But I don't
like these slouchy ones that just anything's all
right because nowadays people wear pants. I went
to the doctor's office in Houston with my sister
the other day, and honey, you just wouldn't
realize the people came in there dressed like they
did. There was about four of us in that office, and
it was full that were dressed decent. And the rest
of them wear the slouchiest things. They just wear
any kind of old sandals. Some of them wear their
house shoes. House shoes, my God. That's going a
little too far. That's true. And they just don't
dress like they should for young girls, I don't
think. Now, as far as pants, I'm all for them. I
think they're nice when they're nice and clean and
all. And I do like them. But I do not like them.
People just take for granted, well, everybody
wears pants. Well, I can just stick on anything.
Tie your shirt tail around your stomach and go on.
They think that's all right, but I don't. I just
don't think we ought to do that, not out in public.
Mrs. Presnell,
what kind of entertainment did y'all have when
y'all were younger? Well, in those days, you see,
we had no cars or anything like that, so we went on
foot or horseback or something like that. So we
just had our entertainment around in the
neighborhood, and we had what they called play
parties. It's kind of like square dancing. And we
made the music ourselves. We sang instead of
having them. Y'all didn't have any instruments to
play? No, we sang as we played. So then... We would
meet at the homes and have singings, religious
songs. Whoever had organ or piano in the home,
that's where we'd meet. And we always did that lots
of times, maybe once a week. And then we had ice
cream suppers. My daddy was always big on giving
ice cream supper for all the people in the
community. And everybody would come and bring
homemade ice cream. I love homemade ice cream.
Everybody would make cakes, and everybody
pitched in and brought stuff. But we really had a
good time when we had those big ice cream suppers.
And we always, and when we have those parties, you
know those days in the community you had no place
for recreation or anything. That's right. But
we'd just take a bedroom, we'd take everything out
of that bedroom and store it somewhere else and
just clean that room out and that's where we had our
party in that room. And then when it was over with,
of course, it all had to be put back. But still, it
was lots of fun, and it was good, clean fun. And I'll
never forget one night. Go ahead. I went to a party,
and I really liked this boy. It was the first boy I
ever had. And somebody had their violin there, and
they got to playing the violin. And he came over and
asked me, he said, won't you come on and dance with
me? I said, I can't. He said, oh, you can. I said, no,
I can't. I said, I wouldn't get home before Papa
would know it. And he didn't let us dance now. Papa
didn't. He didn't believe in it. We could go to
these play parties and make our own music, but we
didn't dance by other music. So I just couldn't
turn him down. So I got up and danced with him. But
Papa knew it before I got home. And I didn't go
anywhere for a month. We were penalized when we did
things that we knew that we shouldn't do. And, of
course, I didn't see any harm in it. And I said,
well, it was worth it to get to dance with him.
Because you liked him, right? Yeah, I really did.
Well, did y'all ride? I mean, was a lot of y'all do
horseback riding? Yeah, we did lots of horseback
riding. Did y'all play games on horses? Like, my
mother used to do that. No, I don't think we did. And
we used to play basketball. We'd meet on Sunday and
play basketball. We'd play baseball, things like
that. Boys and girls all played together and just
had a big time. And we just... I'll never forget one
time, another girl and I were going somewhere
horseback. And I was riding a horse that belonged
to my brother. And she wouldn't let nobody outrun
her. Now, no horse was going to outrun her. And we
was just trotting along, and she thought we was
fixing her. This other horse was going to outrun
her. And she took off down through that winding
road through the woods. And I'm going to tell you, I
just did stay on. I'd like to never stopped her. She
was crazy as she could be. And finally. Her coat was
the cause of this boy that I liked so well's death.
She ran into a tree with him and killed him. The
horse? The horse's coat was. We had sold her to him.
My brother had sold him to him, and this horse ran
into a tree. He was racing him. And how do you say how
he could run into a tree? He just didn't look? I
don't know how come. I don't know anything about
it. The horse must have been blind. That's what
happened. It just killed him. He died just a day or
so. It's too bad. Mm-hmm. So that was the kind of
entertainment we had. It was good coon fun. We
enjoyed it. Because that's all we knew. We didn't
have picture shows to go to. Well, we didn't have
transportation to go to picture shows. No
television either. No, we didn't have no
television. No radio? No. The only way was we'd
have these Edison record players, you know, that
you wind up. We had one of those. Had lots of records
for that. We enjoyed that a lot. And I'd give
anything now if I had that. I bet you would. Anybody
would. It's antique right now. It used to cylinder
type records, you know. It had a big horn on it.
Yeah. We have one at the house. I just wonder
sometimes why they went with it. The one we went
with, my mother's got one at the house. But it's not
the wind-up. It has a horn. It was real pretty.